A class of assassin students have received the
task to assassinate their teacher the rules
are simple take out Korosensei before the term
is over, otherwise the world will be destroyed
we will look at the attempts of
the students to beat their teacher
look at the mistakes they make and
figure out what could have been done
to win the fight faster and better to ultimately
beat Koro sensei in assassination classroom
our government once again failed miserably
and decided to push away their responsibility
onto a class full of delinquents the duty of
each student is to attempt to assassinate him
normal weapons don't work only highly specialized
weaponry crafted by masters that only use the best
of materials will be able to harm Korosensei
Yes, i'm talking BB pellets and gummy knives
the rules are simple kill Korosensei in
any way you can think of most of you know
this is easier said than done and precisely
because of that we need Mrs. Irina Jelavic
A professional hitman hired by the government
to kill Korosensei now whatever you might have
against live-action adaptations I f-ing love them
okay but how do we kill a horny,
godspeed inherent thing that notoriously dodged
every attack attempted by anyone before especially
as mere high schoolers well one of the biggest
advantages we have is that he would never lay
hands on his students another fact that we should
seriously consider is that we are very close to
him and gain his trust easily if i were one of the
students i would do it exactly like Nagisa does
i will note down every little thing
about Korosensei that catches my eye
this is the best way to go before you
start bombing your attempts which in return
makes it more and more difficult each time
one person should stay in the back observing
Korosensei's reactions closely perhaps even try
and capture everything with a high speed camera
meanwhile the others of the class should do their
deed and try out a variety of different attacks
i think it should be clear that shooting
bullet balls directly at him has virtually
no effect because of his speed therefore it
would make sense to try out different tactics
how does he react to liquids, differences
in temperature what about any other element
how does he respond to physical exhaustion,
verbal abuse and any other attempts to slow down
his psychological and physiological capabilities
it is safe to say that there are countless options
to try out i would spreadsheet the sh*t out of
those, one week five experiments one day at a time
with full dedication and enthusiasm just like Rock
Lee had for his training with this strategy there
is no way you will not find something quickly
if it turns out that all of your approaches
bear no fruits then it would become increasingly
obvious that he has no weaknesses to begin with
but we all know he has them our students come
up with the idea to lure Korosensei into a trap
using adult magazines i don't know who
thought of this idea but give that man a medal
this dude understands that in order to prevail in
life you must think outside the box the problem is
once he is trapped our students returned to
being dull idiots and try to shoot him down
with BB projectiles - again i don't get that if
you shot a trillion bullets at something without
success for multiple days straight why would
you even bother how did this quote go again
"insanity is doing the same thing over and
over again while expecting different results"
yeah the smarter way would have been to prepare
the net with sharp objects made with the material
that can actually harm him in a later scene
we see Akabane Karma has stuck shards like
these onto his hand shook Korosensei's arm and
actually achieved harming him the point here
is the only weakness that we so far have figured
out is the obscene portrayal of the opposite sex
therefore i am making the following proposition in
order to successfully take him out we need Irina
Jelavic bare herself for the sake of humanity
there is no chance Korosensei could withstand
the temptation and fully lose control even
for just a second which means we could finally
blast the bullet ball right through his big round
smiley head and save humanity once again through
the combined efforts of men and women if there
are any people opposing the strategy fight me
Do you remember the bully of your school? well he
was nothing compared to the bullies in class 3e
those people will strap homemade bombs around
your torso and send you off without even promising
you a thousand virgins that's some cold a** sh*t
who has the audacity to do a cruel act like this
without even attempting to comfort the victim
with at least one virgin exactly nobody
anyway Nagisa goes off pretending he has
finished the paper while hiding a knife behind it
Korosensei actually takes the bait and overlooks
the bomb strapped onto Nagisa that was a pretty
smart move not gonna lie but that too could have
been much more efficient if the students thought
it through and perhaps had a second plan on
top of it instead of just one single blow
but i guess you don't become a bully when you are
sufficiently intelligent anyway you see Korosensei
generally trusts his students therefore if you can
manage to build a bomb filled with anti-teacher
pellets combined with a long-range activation
device then i would recommend you build as many
bombs as you can and hide them inside classroom
furniture if you can't decide on any good hideouts
i would suggest you go check out Zankyou no terror
since the classroom of class 3e is in an old
shabby and very insecure building it would be very
easy to get in there when no class is being held
personally i would prepare cluster bombs filled
with anti-teacher ammunition that would cover a
wide area upon detonation Korosensei is fast but
he cannot teleport keep in mind that any failed
attempt to murder your teacher is that he develops
heightened awareness every time thereafter
meaning if you have tried to take him out with a
hidden bomb but failed it's pretty safe to assume
that this option is now gone too the government
came up with another possibly stupid idea to get
the job done this ladies and gentlemen is
why live action adaptations are f-ing weird
but at the same time so surreal
that it's actually fun to watch
even though you constantly bend your head,
lower your eyebrows and think what the f*ck
now mind you this teenage AI girl has
four gatling guns blasting at Korosensei
basically another futile attempt to assassinate
him but this scene made me wonder how fast do
those projectiles actually fly turns out that
most projectiles travel about one mile per second
which is pretty fast but nowhere
near Korosensei's hyper velocity
however some crazy scientists back in the 90s at
the sandia national laboratories have developed a
magnetic field that shoots pellets at 10 miles per
second yeah that's that's freaking insane i know
that's almost twice as fast as Korosensei's top
speed the only downside of that quote-unquote
fastest gun in the world is it 60 feet long which
is about 18 meters so, so screw that but our
government has yet another plan other than teenage
gunslinger girls blasting bullets at Korosensei
let me introduce you to Itona supposedly
Korosensei's brother now i don't know about
y'all but he looks like a non-binary metal gear
solid 4 boss don't be deceived by this kid's size
he has pretty big balls he challenges Korosensei
to a duel he actually had a real chance to win
this fight but his cockiness wasn't any support
he could have won if he took it more seriously
okay so by now we have found countless ways on
how to efficiently fight Kooroensei and perhaps
finally finish the job his weakness for voluptuous
female bodies combined with the wide available
selection of japanese JAV merchandise is the
perfect combination to strike merciless with
the power of a sexy attack here goes my
plan we divide the class into four groups
the first group consisting of males, tomboys and
any other life form sexually attracted to women
goes for a shopping spree through Kabukicho the
goal is to make kinky shop owners rich and collect
a wide range of profound and culturally
important things like posters, magazines,
pictures, Dakimakuras, voiceovers, videotapes,
general merchandise and anything else that you
might be able to get your hands on that could
beat Korosensei mind you this is solely intended
for professional use and will be eligible for tax
refund the second group stays behind and prepares
the room in a way that Korosensei cannot escape
once our surprise hits here's how to do that
cut anti-teacher fabric in large measurements
and hide them inside the walls under the floor
and inside the ceiling if you don't have the
possibility to hide them inside make use of a
double wall wallpaper or anything else that is
time efficient and of good enough quality it is
very important to dispose of any signs that such
preparations have been made so please double check
The third group will be the scouts hiding
in bushes and trees around the building
trying to spot any suspicious activity that could
prevent our plan from succeeding they get a pair
of binoculars walkie-talkie and seaweed snacks the
fourth and arguably most important group will be
our special forces they will only be activated
when all is lost and we are in need of drastic
action our highly skilled naturally talented
special forces are the hotties of the class they
will hide in designated areas and storm out naked
when the sign is being given listen i know that
might be not the most desirable outcome for some
but the main weakness of Korosensei is obvious
and the prevention of armageddon more important
than individual dignity once the preparation has
been completed the anti-teacher adult merge
will then be hidden throughout the classroom
behind the blackboard under the tables inside
helium-filled balloons and in form of posters
rolled up on the walls that can be pulled down
simultaneously with just one swishhhhh through
all the beautiful merch hanging from the walls
Korosensei's brain will overreact and a huge
overflow of dopamine will be triggered resulting
in a severe loss of focus this in combination with
the anti-teacher fabric inside the walls will
keep him sufficiently trapped if he somehow
miraculously keeps his cool our hot special forces
will join the party at which point it's over
in my humble opinion this will
suffice in taking him down
because he doesn't stand a chance to notice the
student with the best aim taking a shot at him
if you have a goal it is important to have
multiple strategies in mind to reach it
if you just focus on one way and you miss it you
will have to start all over from scratch but if
you hold multiple strategies at the same time you
ensure backup if things won't go straight from
beginning even though you might lose efficiency at
first in the long term it will pay out Korosensei
might be the target of each student to kill but he
also is their teacher he encourages them not just
to be more creative in their attempts to beat him
but also become better people Korosensei is really
great example of what it means to be a good
teacher sometimes bluntness and force are
necessary but more often than not encouragement
and belief are the values that make the real
difference the downside of having such a good
teacher is the emotional attachment we naturally
build to assassinate someone is probably easier
when you are emotionally detached and reserved
but if your target and you go sip mocktails after
class and have fancy sleepovers every now and then
all the while plotting his assassination
i don't think that will make it easier
therefore one of the most important aspects
our students seem to miss is the strong
bond they are developing which they probably
shouldn't if they are serious about killing him
our students enjoy the fireworks and
celebrate the summer they were taking
a break from their attempts to beat Korosensei
i think taking a break every now and then is a
very important thing and should be part
of every strategy going at something at
full speed over and over again won't help
unless you're an idiot or one of these dudes
Take a break enjoy yourself
and take it easy for a few days
this not only lets you recalibrate and find
new strength but it also lets you come up
with new strategies and ideas on how to
finish the task you have signed up for
the students of class 3e have had countless
strategies that didn't work out well
either they were futile and attempt
or just not very well thought through
let's check out the advantages our students
could derive from this quick but important break
looks like they got some motivation huh see what a
break can do don't forget your snickers if you're
already at it in the next part of the movie
Korosensei has lost a bet and agreed to having
some of his tentacles be temporarily removed which
results in a significant decrease of his speed
but it seems like our students did
not just wait for this moment to come
no they actually put some thought and effort
in as well which is a refreshing surprise they
built a giant homemade fortress that looks
like a castle of one of my childhood dreams
which is pretty impressive they have
built it in a way that it's practically
completely anti-Korosensei i am glad that
this was made in 2015 otherwise we would
have class 3e being cancelled because
of an anime character discrimination
they almost ended up killing Korosensei
which resulted in a huge explosion that
destroyed basically the whole construction
Korosensei survived and took refuge in a
pretty epic transparent crystal sphere
that i would instantly buy if i could
he explains that this is his ultimate defense
and that not even a nuclear bomb could leave a
scratch on it the students probably thought am
i a joke to you bro at the same time a bunch of
bad people arrive while some of the students
collapse apparently they got poisoned by one
of these evil dudes magically from afar
if you don't know who they are i am sorry
i skipped that part of the movie because i
didn't know it will become important however
the non-binary metal gear solid boy makes a
comeback and starts chasing down Nagisa and Karma
our two characters escape and climb up a
distribution tower but let's be honest here for
a second they have zero chance against a little
kid strength wise and Korosensei is neutralized
for the time being that means the only chance they
would have would be to outsmart that little kid
since he and Korosensei have the same type of
body they also have the same kind of weakness
this is the time to pull out your notes and
come up with a plan at first i thought climbing
up this tower is probably the dumbest idea one
could possibly come up with but they proved me
wrong when they reach the top and almost get
killed by the final boss it starts to rain
being on top of this tower makes it impossible
to escape and since rain is one of the most
prominent weaknesses of those entities
the fight is pretty much won by our heroes
in the end Nagisa hugs the kid gently cuts
off his tentacles and whispers softly that
he can join their class in the next term amazing
apparently love is all you need Nagisa and karma
storm back to the school where the other dude
is still being a big a**hole turns out he wants
to kill Korosensei so he can earn the props
he pressures our students into handing over
Korosensei in return of the antidotes
to save their poisoned classmates
however Nagisa tricks him with fake
humility and well his face was priceless
Everyone is having a blast, Irina still looking
hot as f-ck Korosensei is safe and sound until
eventually the ministry of defense joins
the party and takes Korosensei into custody
everyone gets flown into a secret military
base where they are allowed to witness
cora sensei's last moments he gets covered with
anti-teacher substance which in theory prevents
him from escaping at last a huge bomb goes off
taking his life finally everyone is cheering
apart from our students which is understandable
tears flow until our beloved Korosensei of course
makes the weirdest comeback possible and
everything goes back to all beautiful and sweet
again like it used to be the next term is about to
start and we can't wait to see the students go all
again